suggestions to document concepts (#5)
LucidtechAI/cradl-docs: concepts/datasets.md

# Datasets

> A _dataset_ in Cradl is a collection of [Documents](documents.md), preferably from a single source. When you have uploaded a sufficient amount of documents in your datasets they can be bundled together in [Data bundles](training-data.md) for unspection and ultimately training a [Model](models.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _dataset_ in Cradl is a collection of [Documents](documents.md), preferably from a single source. When you have uploaded a sufficient amount of documents in your datasets they can be bundled together in [Data bundles](training-data.md) for inspection and subsequently training a [Model](models.md).
```

Author: ```suggestion
A _dataset_ in Cradl is a collection of [Documents](documents.md), preferably from a single source. When you have uploaded a sufficient amount of documents in your datasets they can be bundled together in [Data bundles](training-data.md) for inspection and subsequent training a [Model](models.md).
```

Author: ```suggestion
A _dataset_ in Cradl is a collection of [Documents](documents.md), preferably from a single source. When you have uploaded a sufficient amount of documents in your datasets they can be bundled together in [Data bundles](training-data.md) for training a [Model](models.md).
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
A document cannot be added to more than one dataset.
{% endhint %}

## Deleting a dataset

> A dataset may not be deleted unless all documents contained in the dataset are deleted first. Our SDK's and CLI supports doing this in one single command, for instructions on how to delete all documents from a dataset see the [Documents](documents.md#deleting-documents) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dataset may not be deleted unless all documents contained in the dataset are deleted first. Our SDKs and CLI tool support doing this in a single command. For instructions on how to delete all documents from a dataset see the [Documents](documents.md#deleting-documents) page.
```

Author: ```suggestion
A dataset may not be deleted unless all documents contained in the dataset are deleted first. Our CLI and  SDK's supports doing this in a single command. For instructions on how to delete all documents from a dataset see the [Documents](documents.md#deleting-documents) page.
```

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="CLI" %}
```bash

> las datasets delete --delete-documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
las datasets delete <datasetId> --delete-documents
```
